h1. Open TortoiseSVN (Firefox add-on)

h2. Overview

* This Firefox Addon enables you to open TortoiseSVN directly when you click the link to the registered URLs.
* If the link has some specific attributes, this addon opens TortoiseSVN Repository Browser, Log Viewer or Blame Viewer.

h2. New features of version 0.1.0

You can select a default TortoiseSVN action: "Open repository browser", "Open log viewer", "Open blame viewer" or "Open in Firefox".

You can also set TortoiseSVN actions for each extension.
For example, you can set as follows:
* TortoiseSVN repository browser is opened when you click *.html file,
* TortoiseSVN blame viewer is opened when you click *.c file.


h2. How to use

h3. Prepare for use

Please open setting dialog and set options.
* "General" Tab
** Set the path of TortoiseProc.exe.
   You can typically find TortoiseProc.exe at C:\Program Files\TortoiseSVN\bin.
   You may find it at at C:\Program Files(x86)\TortoiseSVN\bin if you use 64bit platform.
** Add URLs of Subversion repositories that you want to open in TortoiseSVN.
   When you click one of the listed URLs, the URL is opened in TortoiseSVN.
   For example, if you add the URL "http://example.net/svn_repos/" and click the link to "http://example.net/svn_repos/some_dir/", TortoiseSVN is opened automatically.
* "Action for each extension" Tab
** Set the default action.
   You can select the default action of TortoiseSVN.
** Set the action for each extension.
* "Other settings" Tab
** You can show four TortoiseSVN menus in context menu.
   Four TortoiseSVN menus are shown in context menu only when you right-click the registered URL.

h3. For Developers

If you modify your HTML source and add @rel@ attribute to open TortoiseSVN Log or Blame view as follows.
You can use @data-tsvn-info@ on HTML5 instead of @rel@ attribute.

* To open TortoiseSVN Log view
<pre>&lt;a href="http://example.net/svn_repos/some_dir/" rel="tsvn[log]"&gt;Open Log view&lt;/a&gt;</pre>
* To open TortoiseSVN Log of specific revision
<pre>&lt;a href="http://example.net/svn_repos/some_dir/" rel="tsvn[log][1004,1000]"&gt;Open Log view&lt;/a&gt;</pre>
* To open TortoiseSVN Blame view
<pre>&lt;a href="http://example.net/svn_repos/some_dir/" rel="tsvn[blame]"&gt;Open Blame view&lt;/a&gt;</pre>
* To open TortoiseSVN Browser
<pre>&lt;a href="http://example.net/svn_repos/some_dir/" rel="tsvn[browser]"&gt;Open TortoiseSVN Browser&lt;/a&gt;</pre>

h2. License

You can use this addon under the GPL license.

Copyright (C) 2011  Masamitsu MURASE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

h2. Changelog

* 0.0.1
  Initial version.
* 0.0.2
  Add help text for TortoiseProc.exe path.
* 0.0.3
  Bug fix.
* 0.1.0
  The following features are added:
## You can set the default action.
## You can set the action of each extension.
## TortoiseSVN menus are shown in context menu.

